Remove culture-specific reference (#24435)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/index.md

The termination condition of a promise determines the "settled" state of the next promise in the chain. A "fulfilled" state indicates a successful completion of the promise, while a "rejected" state indicates a lack of success. The return value of each fulfilled promise in the chain is passed along to the next `.then()`, while the reason for rejection is passed along to the next rejection-handler function in the chain.

> The promises of a chain are nested in each other, but get popped like the top of a stack. The first promise in the chain is most deeply nested and is the first to pop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The promises of a chain are nested in one another, but get popped like the top of a stack. The first promise in the chain is most deeply nested and is the first to pop.
```
